"Photos stored in iCloudBy accessing a mobile browser, you can easily upload images that are stored on your phone, however, to save your phone's memory, many iPhone photos may be stored in iCloud.If you can see your images on multiple devices, they are likely stored on iCloud.You may only be able to access photos which are stored in a phone's memory. To be able to use photos stored on iCloud in your project, you may first need to download the images from iCloud to your computer.Here are some steps to help:Sign into iCloud.com Click Photos and select a single photo or hold the command key to select multiple photos. Click and hold the download icon in the upper corner of the window. For JPEG format (the file type Picaboo uses), and to include any edits you have made choose the 'Most Compatibleoption.It is VERY IMPORTANT to download asMost Compatiblefor them to be the correct format for uploading to Picaboo. This will work even if the file was originally in HEIF or HEVC format. Click Download. Open your Picaboo project. When selecting photos, navigate to the folder into which the photos were savedConverting Apple file formats: HEIFHDR Image FilesThere have been some new file formats adopted by Apple in its latest operating system.At this time these formats are not supported by Picaboo and the file formats will need to be exported as JPEGs (or PNGs) from the Mac Photos app.Here are instructions for exporting HEIF or HDR format images to JPG (or PNG) images. High Efficiency Image Format is a file format adopted by Apple in its latest operating system - macOS High Sierra. At this moment, HEIF is not supported by Picaboo. HDR is High Dynamic Range Images macOS High Sierra users will need to first export their photos as JPEGs (or PNGs) from the Mac Photos app. To do so, select the photo you wish to export and click on File &gt; Export &gt; Export 1 Photo. It is important to select the first Export option and not theExport Unmodified Original...option. The latter option will export the photos as HEIC files, which are not supported by Picaboo. You can select more than 1 photo to export at a time by holding the Command button on your keyboard. In the Photo Kind dialog box, select the desired image format - either JPEG or PNG. Color Profile should be set to sRGB as any other profile selected may impact the color reproduction. Once the photos are exported as JPEG or PNG image files, you will be able to import them into your Picaboo project."