"In the process of creating your project, you may notice that some of your images may need to be adjusted a bit. Maybe it's a dark image, or an image that has too much space around the subject. Whatever the case, there are many tools available to you. Let's take a look at some of the photo editing tools you can use to make your book perfect. Click on your photo and you will see an editing sidebar appear on the left.The Picaboo editor allows for several different options to edit your photo: Crop/Position allows you to zoom in on the photo and then you can click and drag the crossed arrows to position the photo in the frame.Note:If you want the photo be a different aspect ratio, you can cancel here and go back to the editing page to make the image taller/shorter or narrower/wider by clicking on the photo and using the blue boxes around the photo to make the desired adjustments.If the photo is set as a background, it would have to be deleted from the page and then reapplied to that page as an individual photo before it could be adjusted.The next option is Filter/Adjust.Filter allows you to select from many image filters such as black white, breezy, sunset, and many others. Here you can also adjust the intensity of the filter. Adjust contains various tools for further adjusting your image, such as Brightness, Saturation, Contrast, Clarity, Exposure, Shadows, Highlights and several others. Below these options are the placement options.These allow you to place the object with respect to other objects on the page.You can click the Send Backward, Send to Back, Send Forward or Send to Front to allow a photo, text box or sticker to be in front of or behind other objects on the page.The two arrows going in the opposite directions are to Swap Photos.The circular arrows Rotate the image left or right inside the image well and the two Mirror options allow the photo to be flipped horizontally or vertically. Below the Edit/Crop Photo button are even more tools. Shadow, Border, Shapes, Corners, and Opacity.Shadow provides the option to add a shadow effect to the outline of the image, and apply it to other images as well if you wish. Border provides the option to add a border to the image. You can also change the color and thickness of the border. Shapes can add some variety to your page. This option will change the shape of the photo frame that the selected image is in. Corners can be applied to your image, and the Apply to Page and Apply to All options are available here as well. Opacity lets you fade the selected image.If you wish to fade a photo on the background for your page, add it as a photo instead of a background, adjust it to fit the full page and move it behind other photos and items on the page.If you want to use the Opacity tool on one of our pre-designed backgrounds, you can follow these steps:Use the Find More Backgrounds option to locate the desired background. Use the option toCopy Background to Media TrayGo back to the project, find the background in the Media Tray and drag it to the page Apply it as a photo instead of a background Adjust it to cover the full page and then use theSend tobuttons to move it behind your photos (see the options above to move a photo behind or in front of others).If you wish to delete the image, click on the red Remove Photo button just under the photo, or click the photo and click the delete key on your keyboard.If you want the image well to stay but the photo to be something else, just drag and drop the photo you want in that spot and click the option to Replace Photo."