"When you are ready to order your project, you can click the order button in the upper right corner of the software. The first step is the Order Preparation Checklist. It pops up on your screen just after clicking the order button, and is intended to be a reminder to look back on your project and evaluate the following points: Spelling is Correct? While we have a Spell Checker built into the program, it is not always foolproof. It’s a good idea to go through your project once more to check for typos or grammatical errors. In fact it’s a good idea to have a close friend or family member look for things you might have missed. It’s easy to miss little things after you’ve been working on a project for a while.The Spell Checker isn't able to tell if it's the word being used iswriteorright.Before ordering we recommend checking carefully through the Preview.Here are some things to look for: Nothing in the Crop Zone? Nothing will spoil your enjoyment more than seeing a family member’s head cropped off the edge of a page. It’s a good idea to go to preview mode and double check the project making sure there's no important details in or at the edge of the Crop Zone.Photos aren’t Fuzzy? Since computer monitors need a much lower resolution for a photo to appear clear, you may want to zoom in on important parts of images to see if they will print clearly.Also be sure to watch out for the Low Res Warning indicator.Avoid Using Dark Photos, If Possible Picaboo doesn't use any brightening on the images submitted to us. Most computer monitors are not calibrated and often set to a high brightness from the first set up. Due to this, you'll want to ensure that you adjust the brightness for any of your images that appear to be a little dark to begin with.We highly advise making sure all the images you use in your project are the brightest ones in your collections. Sometimes that may not be possible, but you can contact Customer Care for more information on simple screen calibration, and guidelines to gauge your images by. All Photos Positioned to your Satisfaction? Although using the Auto-Layout Photos option is a great way to get a project started, it’s always a good idea to check your pages to make sure all your photos are where you want them, and no inappropriate photo frames were used to cut the top off a favorite photo. There is an easy link to the Preview Mode button in the Order Preparation Checklist. You'll be taken to Preview Mode to look through your project. Ultimately, it's up to you to check your project and ensure it is exactly what you want before sending it off to print.Return to the Picaboo User Manual"