"This kind of problem comes up every now and then when the computer being used does not have enough system resources to import all of the images into a project file at once, or there may be another program on your computer (such as antivirus/firewall software like Norton or McAfee) interfering with the Picaboo software. In addition, it could be an issue with Picaboo's background process not loading correctly. The best thing to try first is rebooting your computer to clear all system memory, and then try making a new project afterwards. If you have the same problem occur, try starting your project with just a single photo. If you can get into the main Edit area and save your project, you should then be able to import the rest of your images by clicking the Get Photos button. If the problem still occurs with a single photo however, there is very likely something else on your system blocking Picaboo from connecting to our servers. McAfee is the most common culprit in that kind of situation, and if you're using it you would need to fully allow Picaboo through the McAfee firewall. To do that, first open up McAfee, and then clickFirewallin the main McAfee window. You should then see aSettingsbutton next to Firewall. Click that, and then clickProgram Permissions(or something similar). That will bring up a list of all programs installed on your computer. Scroll through the list until you find Picaboo (it's not alphabetized unfortunately). Click Picaboo and then click Edit. That will show you a drop-down menu, where you will be able to selectFull.Make sure Picaboo is set to Full, save the changes, and then exit McAfee. Similar steps would need to be taken if you're running a different firewall as well. If that's not causing the problem, another fairly common issue is a proxy server being enabled, which can also prevent Picaboo from working correctly. To check for a proxy, please follow the steps below:Open up your computer's Control Panel. Open up Internet Options. Under the Connections tab, click the Lan Settings button. Un-check theProxy serveroption and click OK. Reboot your computer and see if you can create a project successfully.If you're still encountering trouble, contact us for further assistance."