"The Advanced button contains several options that you'll find useful when creating your project. In the dropdown menu, you'll see Edit and View sections.The Edit menu has all the typical edit features, such as Cut, Copy, Paste, DeleteSelect All, along with their keyboard short cuts. You'll also see the option toRemove Unused Imagesin this menu.With Cut, you can remove any text or image from the page, copying it to the clipboard to be pasted on another page. With Copy, you can duplicate any text or image on your pages. Use Paste on any page to set the copy on the new page. The new copy will retain the same formatting as well. This is a great option if you've resized an image and wish to create another one of the exact size. Remove Unused Images removes all the images in the Media Tray that are not currently used in the book. This tool is best used when you are finished with your book, or sure you are about to move on to a new section and aren’t going to use the remaining images in your tray.Then, when you import new images, you can use the Hide Used images so you are only seeing the newly imported images.The next section is the View menu. Here you will find Guides and Snapping and PreferencesHide Placeholders hides all the various unused caption boxes and empty photo wells in the book. You can simply turn them back on by revisiting the menu and selecting “Show Placeholders”. Guides and Snapping gives you a menu where you can turn on the Crop Zone, Grid Lines as well as adjust the density of the grid.You can also set theSnap Alignment on this option box. .Show Crop Zone is arguably one of the most important tools in the program. It shows the crop zone around the edges of the pages, that may be cropped during the production of the project. It's always a good idea to leave this turned on.When done with your project we recommend taking one more look through your work before ordering to make sure there are no important details in the Crop zone. Each of the tools above can be turned off by going back to the View menu. Snapping alignment allows an object to be more easily positioned in alignment with the page center, other objects or Grid lines, if those are selected.When an object is moved close to one of these it will automatically jump to an exact position in alignment with the selected objects. The last selection, Preferences, opens a dialogue box with some of your preference choices, like whether or not you would like the layout to be automatically adjusted on a page when removing an image, or how to sort the photos you import to the Media Tray: Date Taken, or by the Filename of the photo.Return to the Picaboo User Manual"